We explored the feasability of emerging 3D print technologies beyond that of NASA's current printing of 3D printed engines to the construction via a printer with a weave pattern to increase strength and reliability. Our studies began with the practical application of current full scale rockets in the VAB with woven 3D printing in what Team Rocket calls: The Rocket Sock.

Rocket Sock info: 

We're confident that 3D printing can be expanded to a scale comparable to the SLS system. In our experiments, we found that 3D printing is magnificent for single-axis strength but it is fundamentally weaker on one axis. It is also slow with a single head as we were limited to during our presentation. Therefore, we propose the Rocket Sock. Inspired by the looms that print socks- a cylindrical and singular tube that is flexible- we propose that a 3D printer could weave together the filament in order to achieve a much stronger bond. Since this technology exists already, it can be combined with new materials such as fiberglass, carbon fiber and even graphene thread when the technology is available. 

This way, rockets need not be transported which requires vast amounts of space in shipping and storage. A rocket could be broken down into components and shipped along with a few drums of resin and a few spools of thread and filament. Then, it could be woven on site at any height, diameter or thickness needed! 

Combining a modular approach, parts can be built, installed, and woven into place with accuracy. These "Tailor" made rockets can be well "suited" to any industry or purpose. Best of all, the technology already exists and needs only be adapted. Furthermore, we can combine our method with other technologies such as the MX3D for structural supports or Tesla's cross-bonded woven aluminum which allows for incredible customization and strength. 

With the Rocket Sock, the future is looming!

ROCKETSOCK.PNG 
Image explanations: Above is the Rocket Sock Loom System (RSLS). A scaffolding looms together material which is then sprayed with resin as a solidifying agent. The system proposed is effectually a very large version of a sock weaving loom as that technology has been built, tested, perfected and industrialized. 


SOCKMACHINE.PNG AND SOCKMACHINE2.PNG 
Our proposed system can be either mounted inside the VAB or installed on site on the NASA Crawler so it may print a rocket in place wherever is needed. Below is our concept of the RSLS installed on the Crawler 

ROCKETSOCKLOOM1.PNG
This technology can be combined with other systems such as the MX3D

MX3D3.PNG 
And 3D printed Titanium 

TITANIUM.PNG

For the ultimate in strength and all-around adaptive system.
